>> David Khourshid: So now we're
going to jump to the second lesson,
which is on diagrams.
So you might be asking yourself like, what
do diagrams really have to do with this?
I thought that we're going
to be working in React, and
the main point of, or the main
motivation of modeling your application
is to separate incidental
versus accidental complexity.
And so what is the difference between
incidental and accidental complexity?
Incidental complexity is unavoidable.
This is the irreducible complexity that
comes from the problem domain that
you're working in itself.
So it is how things are supposed
to update the different flows,
where data comes in from, etc.
It doesn't matter which language or
framework or libraries you're working on,
this incidental complexity is
going to stay exactly the same and
you really can't do much to reduce it.
But that's not a huge problem,
as we'll see.
The second part is accidental complexity.
So this is the complexity that
we ourselves introduce from
the implementation choices we make,
the different tools or
libraries or frameworks that we use.
Earlier, someone mentioned as part of
their struggles with state management that
for example, Redux.
And this could happen
with other tools too.
But Redux, at least the original Redux
sort of mandated that you have so
many different files.
I remember when I worked in Redux
you had this actions file and
then you had your reducer file and
then you had maybe another file for
constants and
maybe another file for selectors.
And that I would call
accidental complexity.
Because this is again self inflicted.
We chose Redux, at least the old version.
Redux toolkit is a lot better now,
but it introduced a lot of complexity
where we basically have to play nice
with the tools we use rather than
focusing on the actual problem
domain that we're working in.
Another one that was
mentioned was many use dates.
So we have all of these use date calls and
then we have to juggle them and
also chaining of useEffects.
So our decision to use many
useEffects actually contributes to
accidental complexity over
incidental complexity.
And so this is why I think it is super
important to model your application.
So what do I mean by modeling?
I don't mean just trying to use some sort
of advanced tool to specifically model or
do anything like UML,
just to make sure that you have everything
perfect before you start working.
Just because, like we talked about,
that's not how code works,
that's not how our projects work.
We might be jumping into legacy projects
where that kind of documentation
doesn't exist.
So that's why I really want to
emphasize quick documentation,
where you're basically just writing
down in whatever is the most like,
the fastest, most optimal way of
describing your application logic.
Just documenting the different flows,
how your data works, etc.
And so that's why in this exercise,
we have a flows ND file.
It's empty but this is something where
I want you all to brainstorm and
work on after we learn about
the different diagrams.